Today I can finally met the Bac Lieu playboy.
I've been looking forward to this day
for so long.
Being invited here today
means you must be someone very impressive.
Oh,
Sorry for disappointing
you all, but this isn't
the real Bac Lieu playboy.
My third brother, for special reasons,
couldn't be here
to host the press today.
To reciprocate the kindness that you
have shown to the Bac Lieu playboy,
my third brother has a small gift
to express his admiration and gratitude.
You've probably heard many
fabricated stories about the Bac Lieu playboy,
a character who has been given
epithets like the number one player, a romantic
wanderer, the world's number one jade
master.
A character that every time you mention him, he's always
doing things that are out of the ordinary.
That's right.
Exactly.
If you're ready,
here begins the story
of the Bac Lieu playboy.
The day my third brother was born
was also the proudest day
of my father's life.
So don't ask why he's the son
who's most pampered, and also the
only son who dares to cling to the
Five-Order Medal of my old man.
My father?
Always treasured every grain like gold,
always taught us not
to waste even a single coin.
Yet there's a son who does whatever he likes,
and the worst thing is that he always does
the opposite of what he says.
Where's the cane?
You're about to witness the childhood
nightmare of my brothers and me.
Even after being beaten with a rattan cane, that
horrifying family rule couldn't stop
my third brother's fun.
"Quốc" means country.
"Gia" means home.
If you want to govern the country,
you must manage your home.
(Music) One fine day, my third brother
took a ship all the way to Paris.
I thought leaving my father's reach would be
a storm, but I was completely wrong.
No matter where he is, he spends the family's
money, so he lives
very happily, very stylishly, even
becoming famous.
Rushing to leave, rushing to come backy.
He says one thing, but acts
in a way no one can predict.
Who can guess what he's thinking?
Truly, only God knows.
C'est génial!
Third Brother!
Third Brother is back.
Slow down!
Are you still on my side or not?
When have I ever not been on your side?
When don't I have a gift for Sau?
One whole carload!
Dancing, wine tasting, martial arts, driving.
Oh my God!
You, Ba!
You took a pile of my money to
the West and only learned these
nonsense?
C'est génial!
Baba, you call these things
nonsense?
This isn't ordinary, these
are all the special essences
of the land of Paris.
The magnificent capital of a
modern and top-notch country.
Hmph, and you call that impressive?
I don't need to go to the West or Europe,
yet look at what I have.
Look at this, huh?
See if mine is better than yours?
Now that it's come to this, I have no choice
but to show off the most
(Speaking French) prestigious thing that
I'm sure only I have in this whole An
Nam region.
Et voilà!
What do you think, Dad, if Mr.Councilman
Tịnh goes to inspect his fields by plane
but driven by his own son.
Listen to me.
Okay, if you want to fly now,
then go ahead and fly.
But, Mom thinks that a man
should settle down and start a family.
If you like someone, just tell me.
I’ll arrange the marriage right away.
Merci maman!
But now the world
is vast, and outside there are
countless beautiful people.
Why tie myself down
to only one person?
If you truly love me, mama,
then convince papa to open his wallet
and buy me a plane,
that seems better.
Huh?
What did you just say?
You want to buy a plane? Okay, fine,
you want to buy a plane or
buy a train or something, I don't care.
But you have to do it yourself.
As for me, I won't spend a dime
on these luxuries.
Papa, using money reasonably,
isn’t extravagance, Papa!
Here, Papa, calculate it yourself.
Now, if Papa visits the
fields by plane in one day, it's faster than
a whole month of Papa going by car and boat.
Doesn't Papa get a backache
from sitting on the boat all the time?
Time is money,
so it's very beneficial, Papa.
Beneficial or just for show?
I've decided, Đăng, at thirty-two,
no more playing around.
I won't give you a cent.
From today on, if you want to do
anything, just take over the business.
Decide for yourself.
Sir, I think that...
Papa, we have plenty of money,
we have to let the Westerners
see the potential, the strength
of our people, Papa.
No buying!
Buy!
I said no buying.
I said buy.
No buying.
Buy.
Where's the whip?
Why there's so many, Third Brother?
It's just me here,
is it really necessary to be like this?
(French).
Thank you.
Ouch!
Hurts, but you're still acting up?
Are you still on my side, Sau?
I really can't understand Dad.
We're all grown up, but he still
drags us out and beats us so violently.
And not just a normal beating, he drags us out and beats us
in front of the servants.
My butt can take it, but my face
can't handle the shame.
Ba, if I wear this dress,
Dad will see it and beat me till I couldn’t walk.
You act like you've never
been beaten before?
Yeah!
Come here.
What?
Hold this for me.
Need to cover more of the neck, cinch the waist a bit,
and add a hat.
I tell you, it'll be perfectly
beautiful.
Oh, wow.
Wow, I didn't expect our sister
to have such talent.
Hey Sau, if I knew, I would have
tried to take you with me, Sau.
Over there, people with
ideas, with style,
and an open mind like Sau,
are highly valued.
Good heavens, dressing so weirdly,
and you call that talent?
Young lady, mind your words!
Too weird, who would ever marry her?
Here, come here, give it back.
Here, honey, did it hurt
a lot when you were beaten earlier?
Let Mom put some ointment on it,
and it'll be better soon.
Merci, Mamaang.
I'm grown up, I can rub it on myself.
Mamaang,
why don't you ever tell Papa
not to hit us anymore?
We're all grown up.
Just got back and haven't even eaten yet,
already got a whipping as an appetizer.
Oh my god, I know my dad's temper,
No one can reason with him.
Look, about the degrees, he doesn't
approve, but Mom, Mom does.
In this whole Bac Lieu province, there's
no one who can compare to you.
Mom will throw a party for
you to celebrate properly.
Whatever it is, if Mom says it, your
dad will nod right away.
Mom, Mom, does that mean I get to wear
all the new fashions?
Hey you, move over,
let Mom apply the ointment for you.
I'll put it on myself.
Let Mom put it on.
No.
I'll put the medicine on.
I'll throw it away.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
(French) C'est avec un grand
plaisir que je vous felicite
d'avoir un fils aussi brillant.
(Laughs) Thank you!
Thank you, gentlemen, for your kind words.
I still hope that you gentlemen
will continue to support Bac Lieu
so that it can become more prosperous.
Ho ho!
This big house of yours looks
quite grand and imposing.
So of course, you must be
proud, right?
(Laughs) Hello!
Thanks to this occasion, my My Tho province
also has a chance to be dazzled.
Hopefully, we’ll get our share of the spotlight too.
(Laughs) The governor is just being modest,
My Tho is so prosperous
and fertile, it doesn't
need the support like the
remote and isolated Bac Lieu.
Right, right, right,
right.
Bac Lieu is so cool.
My Tho is awesome.
Speaking of rice, these two lands
no one can compare.
But this time,
ah, Bac Lieu is awesome.
I heard that Mr.
Councilor has opened a bank
in Saigon.
Like the saying goes, "don't let fertile silt flow away,"
save it for our rocky fields. (laughter)
Si vous me permettez.
Hello, gentlemen!
Hello, ladies and gentlemen!
(Laughter) Les affaires du
gouvernement français vont mal.
Nous ne pouvons plus obtenir de
nouvelles colonies que nous pourrions
forcer à ʜᴜɐ ʜᴜɐ ɛt nôɾ tronquille.
Et ce sont les nations qui finissent
par manger notre moɑɑɑɑte.
Oh!
C'est parce que nous n'avançons pas
dans notre travail, et il nous faut
apprendre de nos expériences.
Avez-vous appris quelque chose
qui puisse nous sortir de cette
situation?Mais il est gouverneur
depuis treize ans à la façon
d'utiliser les forces, ou à la façon
de ne jamais presser ce vol.
(laughter) I won't hide anything from you,
Governor and gentlemen!
Besides absorbing
the nobility of France,
learning how to innovate agriculture.
Moi (French) here is also very proud to have
passed the strict exam, obtained
the excellent licence de pilote
to be able to use aircraft to discharge seeds,
spread salt, water or visit
fields.
If only there was a plane available now
moi would personally take you
gentlemen for a few rounds to enjoy
the pleasure of flying through the clouds.
An airplane, huh?
In this Annamite land, only His Majesty
Bao Dai owns airplanes.
If now Mr. Ba Hon, from the Tran family,
also has one and can fly it himself,
then the status of
the Annamites would be elevated.
With Moi, anything is possible (laughter).
It's Tòng's world!
It's not a trivial matter to talk
about so casually (sneeze).
We, the people of Bac Lieu, are very
honored to be under the protection
of your Excellency the Governor-General.
There must be no exceptions!
There must be no exceptions! (laughter).
So what?
Are you scolding me?
Guests are to be
treated with respect, not a place
for you to act superior.
You think you're so great because you went to a French school?
You need to think before you speak,
and consider the consequences of your actions.
Did I do anything too much, Papa?
You think that’s nothing wrong?
The land belongs to the Annamites,
but only the French
have the power to rule.
Me, my whole life,
I always look before
I leap, for what?
It's to keep this family stable.
You eat and dress well,
don't act like you own the place.
Or you'll waste all the effort and
reputation of the Tang family.
Papa,
Passing the pilot's license exam
is a loss of honor, Papa?
Buying an airplane is
a loss of honor, Papa?
What I want is for the French to
respect our family.
Our family should be proud,
not like what Papa
said.
Giving you a proper
job to do, you refuse to accept it.
Always doing
trivial things, doing nonsense, doing rubbish.
Where's the whip?
Dad!
Ba Huy!
Papa, I'm all grown up now,
I'm in my twenties. (lit. ten-odd-twenty years old)
A pain in the butt is nothing compared to humiliation.
I'd rather beat myself than be humiliated.
My child!
What are you doing?
Oh my god!
What era is this? Why are you still teaching
us such outdated things, Papa?
If this whip could teach
us to be exactly as you
want, it would have worked
from the very first time.
Not after dozens,
hundreds, or thousands of times like this.
You always want everything to be
exactly as you want it, in this house
everything has to be your way.
But there should be
exceptions to everything.
Third Brother!
What is it?
Couldn't sleep last night?
Stop
making wild guesses, Miss Nosy.
What?
What do you want?
Can’t I just compliment you?
I admit, Third Brother was really brave yesterday.
Brave? Brave my foot.
Last night, you saw
I was acting tough.
Inside, I was also afraid of Dad's anger.
But it was time for
Dad to understand that none of
his children want to be
raised by the whip.
Only you had the courage
to say that to him.
What else can we do?
Think about it, Sáu.
We have so much money, enough to last three generations,
That's right, our family's money,
I'm telling you, our family money could last three lifetimes!
But you need to know
your dad's mindset is to spend one
coin and get ten coins in return.
Hey, Mom saw you going up
Saigon, and ask for that bank
then work there, so you could
avoiding him face-to-face here, isn't that right?
Forget it, let's take the salt field
in Bac Lieu, that's good enough.
I'm telling you, living leisurely,
living a whole life is the best.
Just like these pigeons here,
they fly around every day, fly wherever
they want, and come back when it's time to eat.
Fly, fly, fly, fly, fly.
Eat well, then go out again.
Living like that is the best thing ever.
Instead of flying to Saigon to run a bank
and then buying an airplane,
you'll get bored after a couple of weeks.
It's true that
only maman loves her child the most.
(laughter) I will listen to maman.
That's right!
I will go to Saigon to take the bank
to have money to buy an airplane.
A couple of weeks, I might get bored, but
if cậu Ba wants it, he has to get it.
(background music) Maman,
maman must understand me the most, right?
I am also a bird
but I am an eagle.
I fly really high, really far.
Farther than these pigeons.
Hoo hoo hoo hoo...
What eagle?
What airplane?
I feel like no one in this family
understands anyone.
Um, anh Ba, what is the
bank really for?
It's the place where people often
bring money or valuables
to our house to keep for them.
Or they come to borrow money from us
and then pay interest every month.
Like the pawn shops
of our father.
Just a different name.
One is a bank,
one is a shop.
The house and the shop, that's it.
Are they the same?
So what are you planning to do
with that bank?
I'll take the money to buy a plane.
Buy a plane for what?
A plane to fly.
Fly where?
Fly to the sky.
The sky?
What sky?
Buying a plane is my dream,
your Third Brother.
And yet you talk about this little girl.
But dad is afraid of heights.
He's afraid, but I'm not.
How can you be so reckless?
Daring to overtake young master Ba.
You’re done, buddy.
Hey Sau, we're in Saigon!
Are you okay, ma'am?
I'm sorry, ma'am.
Ma'am, buy some medicine.
What's wrong, Sau?
Uncle Ba, this bank
it's papa’s, right?
C'est fou!
Whoa...
- Sau
- Yes?
Allez!
Bonjour!
Sau!
Yes?
Why is no one here?
Huh?
What's the matter?
Are you young master Ba?
Bonjour!
And you just-- oh, this is-
This is my sister Sau.
Hello, young master Ba.
Hello, Miss Sau.
I'm the director here.
Everyone, greet the new
bank owner.
Hope that in the future
you will take care of us.
Yeah, yeah.
I don't intend to
bother you all for long.
Go to the bank to get some money to buy
a plane and I'm done.
I hope he'll open the safe
and give me some money to
complete my business.
Um.
This thing is uh- (door closing sound)
This
bank doesn't have any money.
You can see the situation
outside.
So, there's no money,
but there's plenty of rice and salt.
What about other things?
Do you drink alcohol, Mr. Ba?
(laughter) Six!
Huh?
(door opening sound) But my
father has a lot of money.
Wouldn't he put some in here for safekeeping?
It's true that Mr.Councelor is very rich.
But business is business.
Opening a bank requires money to
come in from customers, then using that money
to do business and make a profit.
Opening a bank is for making profit, not
to be his personal vault, sir.
(laughter) (scoffing) Indeed,
(laughter) an old man's candidate.
(background music) Let's go home!
Giving up so soon, not at all like
the third brother I admire.
What else is there to do here?
As deserted as a tomb.
Hey, look!
What kind of employees are so boring.
Their clothes are both old-fashioned and ugly.
That huge safe,
doesn't have a single penny in it.
Do you think going back to Bac Lieu will make your
father give you money to buy a plane?
Hey, if you don't like it,
then change it.
Oh my, these innovations
are your forte, right?
You studied in France,
bring out the good stuff and get to work.
This is a real opportunity to impress
your father, not those
degrees and diplomas.
That's right!
Uh-oh.
Our bank's first
mission is to have money.
But-